Brother, brother, what is the place for the army?
You tell your elder brother, how can I build with you again?
We are Teacher Huang. When Teacher Wang was educating us, we were still living in Tuanzi.
Okay, a group escort will come in,
You've all heard it, these people are all too religious,
No slippery, don't talk nonsense on his behalf,
He just said without any information, that's enough,
You think there is really no news,
I go back and think about my mistakes,
Don't be embarrassed here, come on,
Like three yellow seeds brought back, under my hands and eyes,
Not allowed to go out, after breastfeeding, after breastfeeding,
Milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk
Then the hands and eyes, repeat
This level can be regarded as a solid punishment.
let's see